Getting started update (#153)
Azure/AlwaysOn-Foundational-Online: docs/reference-implementation/Getting-Started.md

## Pre-requisites

The following must be installed on the client machine used to deploy AlwaysOn reference implementation:

- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/service-page/azure%20cli?view=azure-cli-latest)

> This guide offers two paths: UI or script. If you prefer scripting, make sure you have these additional tools installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide offers two paths: Using Azure DevOps Portal or script-based via Azure DevOps CLI. If you prefer scripting, make sure you have these additional tools installed:
```

> - Install [Azure DevOps CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/cli/?view=azure-devops)

Reviewer: I would mark this as optional - based on whether somebody wants to follow the CLI path or not

> - Install [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell?view=powershell-7.1) (on Windows, Linux or macOS).

Reviewer: same as above

All pipelines require an Azure DevOps service connection to access the target Azure Subscription where the resources are deployed. These service connections use Service Principals to access Azure which can be configured automatically, when proper access is given, or manually in Azure DevOps by providing a pre-created Azure Service Principal with the required permissions.

> > **Important:** You need to create an AAD Service Principal with **Subscription-level Owner permissions**. We need owner permission on the whole subscription as the pipeline will need to create various role assignments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Important!** The AAD Service Principal needs **subscription-level owner permissions** as the pipeline will create various role assignments.
```

Author: Ok, let's increase the urgency a bit :D

Reviewer 2: **Important!** for consistency - this is the notation that's used in 3 other cases in this document.

And the second part for easier readability - its more likely that someone reads a single sentence than 2.. up to you. Just an idea.

Author: I like it! More concise and clear language always wins in my view.

> If you only created one Service Principal above, you only need to create one Service Connection for now.

> > **Important!** Since these connection names are used in pipelines, use them exactly as specified above. If you change the name of the service connection, you have to also change it in pipeline YAML.

Reviewer: In the lines above, can we make it a bit more clear to use exactly these names?

Author: How about now?

Reviewer: nice! thanks
